NMS-15270: update vmware import docs (#5719)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/provisioning/handlers/vmware.adoc

. Select the built-in "Read Only" role.
. Select the option to clone the role and name the new role "OpenNMS-Access" (or another name to your preference).
. Edit the new role to add the menu:Host[CIM > CIM Interaction] permission.
. Click *OK* to save the role.

Once the role is set up, you will need to assign it to the user account.
You can either create a new user for the role or assign the role to a user from an external authentication directory on your vCenter.

=== Assign user permissions to access vCenter objects

. In your vCenter, navigate to menu:Home[Inventory > Hosts and Clusters].
. Right-click on the container to apply the permission.

> ..If you want {page-component-title} to import all entities, this would be the root vCenter level.
> ..To import only a subset of nodes, select a specific data center, cluster, or host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** If you want {page-component-title} to import all entities, this would be the root vCenter level.
** To import only a subset of nodes, select a specific data center, cluster, or host.
```

> . Select the Add Permission option from the right-click menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select *Add Permission* from the right-click menu.
```

. Edit the new role to add the menu:Host[CIM > CIM Interaction] permission.

> . Click OK to save the role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *OK* to save the role.
```

> Once the role is setup, you will need to assign the role to the user account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the role is set up, you will need to assign the role to the user account.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the role is set up, you will need to assign it to the user account.
```

> You can either create a new user to assign the role or assign the role to a user from an external authentication directory that is setup on your vCenter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can either create a new user for the role or assign the role to a user from an external authentication directory on your vCenter.
```
I updated to add a "to" to "assign to", but then there were too many to's.

> === Assign OpenNMS user permissions to access vCenter objects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Assign user permissions to access vCenter objects

```

> . Navigate to menu:Home[Inventory > Hosts and Clusters] within your vCenter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In your vCenter, navigate to menu:Home[Inventory > Hosts and Clusters].
```

> . Right click on the container to apply the permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Right-click on the container to apply the permission.
```
